# Trade Management System

FX-Trade is a open source FX trading platform based on the OANDA API. Interactive Brokers API wrapper and trading toolbox. Alpaca lets you trade with algorithms, connect with apps, and build services all with a commission-free trading API for stocks, crypto, and options. Cassandre trading bot framework. Generic Java-based framework for trade automation. pyDecision is a comprehensive Python library that encompasses a wide array of Multi-Criteria Decision Analysis (MCDA) methods. StockSharp (shortly S#) – are free platform for trading at any markets of the world. Shark is an open source algorithmic trading platform. OroCommerce is an Business to Business Commerce application built with flexibility in mind. The ADempiere Business Suite ERP/CRM/MFG/SCM/POS. Bigcapital is financial accounting with intelligent reporting for faster decision-making. Fluent Framework is a concurrent, scalable, low-latency electronic trading framework written in Java. Risk tools for commodities trading and finance. OpenStock is an open-source alternative to expensive market platforms. QuantLib is a free/open-source library for modeling, trading, and risk management in real-life. Exchange-core is an open source market exchange core. Codera Quant Java framework allows development of automated algorithmic trading strategies. Coin Trader is a Java-based backend for algorithmically trading cryptocurrencies. Shopizer is an open-source, scalable e-commerce platform designed for seamless deployment across any cloud infrastructure. Ready-to-use services let you create shopping experiences how you want—on one system for multiple sites and brands. Broadleaf Commerce CE - an eCommerce framework based on Java and Spring. uniCenta oPOS powerful commercial-grade open source Point Of Sale. Sailfish is a test automation tool whose primary purpose is testing of bi-directional message flows in distributed trading platforms and market data delivery systems